c:\users\dane.waby\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProbabilityCalculator\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests\bin\Debug\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\dane.waby\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProbabilityCalculator\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests\bin\Debug\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests.dll
c:\users\dane.waby\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProbabilityCalculator\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests\bin\Debug\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests.pdb
c:\users\dane.waby\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProbabilityCalculator\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\dane.waby\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProbabilityCalculator\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dane.waby\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProbabilityCalculator\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests\bin\Debug\ProbabilityCalculator.dll
c:\users\dane.waby\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProbabilityCalculator\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\dane.waby\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProbabilityCalculator\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\dane.waby\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProbabilityCalculator\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\dane.waby\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProbabilityCalculator\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\dane.waby\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProbabilityCalculator\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\dane.waby\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProbabilityCalculator\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\dane.waby\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProbabilityCalculator\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\dane.waby\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProbabilityCalculator\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests\bin\Debug\ProbabilityCalculator.pdb
c:\users\dane.waby\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProbabilityCalculator\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dane.waby\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProbabilityCalculator\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\dane.waby\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProbabilityCalculator\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\dane.waby\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProbabilityCalculator\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\dane.waby\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProbabilityCalculator\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\dane.waby\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProbabilityCalculator\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\dane.waby\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProbabilityCalculator\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\dane.waby\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProbabilityCalculator\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\dane.waby\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProbabilityCalculator\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests\obj\Debug\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dane.waby\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProbabilityCalculator\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests\obj\Debug\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests.dll
c:\users\dane.waby\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProbabilityCalculator\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests\obj\Debug\ProbabilityCalculator.Tests.pdb
